   题目:图书馆和电子书
   In recent years,the office medias have pointed out that students’ time spend in the library dropped tremendously from 30 hours a week to about 10 hours a week,while their time spend on the E-books soared from 15 hours a week to 28 hours a week.
    There are probably a variety of reasons for this phenomenon.On the one hand,as smart phones and other mobile devices spread,people have been hooked on everything related to digital technology,paper books are increasingly replaced by digital ones. On the other hand,in this fast-paced culture, it enables people to get E-books more quickly and easily,and to carry more than one book by just one device.Digital books make it possible to read in pieces of time and to gain much more information and knowledge. 
    But E-books just like a two-edge-knife ,it has some disadvantages.First of all,reading on digital devices can lead to distractions,which will reduce immersive reading time and nagatively affect reading quality.What’s more,the inconvenience of making notes make it impossible for readers to achieve critical understanding as well as deep thinking.
    According to the previous discussions,we can come to the conclusion that much attention should be given to students’ choice.On its own,digital book is neither good or nor bad;it depend on how students use it. 
 
可以使用的句子：
    It is unwise to leave print books in the dust,which have their irreplaceable value.
    If students could avoid the disadvantages of the E-book and seek its advantages ,they will spend their life fruitfully and meaningfully.
    与此同时，随着电子书迅速取代纸质书，消费者们正在纷纷购买各种型号的Kindle。
    Meanwhile customers are flocking to all flavors of the Kindle as e-books rapidly take the place of bound books.
    电子书市场可能很快取代纸质书。
    Soon the e-book market may overtake the other. 

##### 题目:女排精神
We all know that the Chinese women volleyball team beat the Serbia to claim the gold medal of the women's volleyball tournament at Rio 2016 Olympic Game.This news has convinced us and reassured us that the Spirit of China Woman Volleyball does exist.
    It seemed to win the match was not possible for the Chinese team, but the girls were very strong and insistented to fight for the last minute. Even they lost the first game, they never gave up. 
    As the saying goes,”Never give up.” What it implies is that in order to achieve our goals,we should never give up,even when we are in adversity. There is a silver lining and be positive and hopeful in times of darkness.Here I can think of no better illustration of the proverb than the stories of some famous people,such as the story of the famous inventor Edison,who argued that genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.As we all know,Edison invented the light bulb.All things are difficult before they become easy.So it follows that whatever we do,we will inevitably encounter difficulties and frustration,even setbacks.What’s more,in time of this inevitable darkness,it is fruitless to curse or complain;rather be positive and to get ready for the sunshine.Positive thinking will let us do everything better than negative thinking do.When light comes with opportunity,a positive attitude is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
    In conclusion,I think we should always keep the three words “Never Give Up” in mind, keep a positive thinking and silver lining will be the best assurance all though.We should try our best to pursue our dreams.
   
    女排精神的基本内涵可概括为：无私奉献精神；团结协作精神；艰苦创业精神；自强不息精神。女排精神很好地诠释了“为国争光、无私奉献、团结友好、坚强拼搏”的中华体育精神。当代女排精神也可概括为顽强拼搏，永不言弃，坚持不懈，自强不息。